Refactor PSP checklist to standard (#165)
vippsas/vipps-psp-api: vipps-psp-api.md

The Visa Token Service will during detokenization populate a flag for DA in field
34 to issuers and the Vipps TRID in field 123 Usage 2 Tag 03. In this way,

> Issuers recognize Vipps originated transactions and will not softdecline for

Author: ```suggestion
Issuers recognize Vipps originated transactions and will not soft decline for
```
